[Applause]
he's already got the skipper
did well oh what a start from Arsenal
but the offside flag is up
it will not count
is it in cartoon an offside position
when it comes off of the kyosaka's heel
there
well West Ham has soldering forward here
with bow in court he was caught flowing
tried to stay on his feet but ultimately
went down after the contact
[Applause]
the penalty
James ramsdale the wrong way
to God heals the handball
it is a penalty
but I'm not sure if that is Creswell in
the head or the Army's claiming the head
no penalty
tries to weave some magic
foreign
tended but it's a critical goal and it's
calmly taken from the man who had one
chalked up in the first half Arsenal won
West Ham won
it's Martinelli oh what a goal
they're League leaders for a reason this
team is special super team move
Martinelli a live wire all night buries
it
mustard from Ben White as well
I'll float into and getting on fantastic
with anyone
at home continues
in scoring goals left right in the
center and is that the goal to put
Arsenal seven points clearance up the
Premier League
[Applause]